Student Admission Process
Once the admission form is recieved by the reception, It is checked for completeness.
If the application is incomplete, it is returned to the parents so that they can the fill the missing 
information. This process repeats until the application is found complete. On getting the complete form,
it is sent to the principal for evaluation. The principal checks if the student meets the standards of 
the schools. If he/she does not meet the standards, the admission is rejected and a notification is sent 
to the parents a long with the reason. If the standards are met, a test is conducted for the selected class. 
The student is provided admission, if the he/she scores less than 45. If the student scores more tha 45 
a notification is sent to the parents, and fee for the admission, course and uniform is collected from the parents.
if the fee are not completely paid, teacher are notified to submit the fee. If the fee is completed, the course and
uniform is provided to the student. 


Teacher Hiring Process 
When the admission is received, it is checked for completeness. If the application is incomplete, it is returned for 
completing the missing information. This process repeats until the application is found complete. 
The test is scheduled if the candidate owns minimum bs degree. If he/she does not posses this requirement, 
the application is rejected and a notification is sent to the relevant person. After the test is conducted, it is evaluated
and checked for eligiability. If the teacher is not eligiable for the interview, a thanking letter is sent. If he/she is eligiable 
for the interview, the interview is scheduled and conducted. If the interview is passed, the teacher is listed and a congratualationary
message is sent and the job is offered.


Examination Process

On receiving a notificaton for conduction of examination from the principal, 
the exam is created and teachers are notified for preparing the papers for their classes.
on receiving the paper from the teacher, it is evaluated and check if it meets the criterion and pattern. 
If it does not meet the criteria, a notfication is sent to the teacher for the correction of the paper. 
This process repeats until the paper meets the criteria. If it meets the criteria, the paper is printed. 
Papers are sent for conduction to the respective classes on requried date and timing. Papers are checked and students 
are marked. Teachers are notified to submit the result and it is shown to the students if approved by the principal.

Fee Collection 
on receiving the fee from the parents, it is checked weather the late fee applies or not for the respective month. 
If late fee is charged, the parents are requested to pay the complete fee. If the fee is complete, the receipt is generated and
handed over to the parents.

